well i'm not saying that the banks were
relevant uh it in 2008 they're not
relevant now i mean i think
we need to talk about power
and the power to harm um
i made the argument that um
you know the the more
your obviously your work benefits others
the less they pay you and somebody once
pointed out he said well maybe it's the
other way around the more easy it is for
you to harm others through your job the
more they'll pay you uh in that sense it
makes sense that the hedge fund managers
and people like that are amongst the
highest paid because they can do a lot
of damage it's a sheer power
but what we've learned about wall street
is that wall street can damage people
but it can't really help them and all
the debates about whether to shut down
wall street because it kept crashing a
few a month ago you know it was assumed
that a market crash will hurt people but
no one said oh no we can't shut down
wall street because it provides benefits
to the public of some kind of course it
doesn't it's a it truly exists for its
own sake um so so
at the moment something showed up which
could hurt us even more than finance uh
and therefore it has grabbed our
attention it's reminded us that you know
what an economy is
is really the means by which we take
care of each other and so as to keep
ourselves alive um so in that much more
immediate sense we've seen a more
immediate threat with rather than sort
of second order threat that finance um
can can provide but ultimately we're
still talking about what are essentially
a series of power relations